Katas UI review - Multiqubit gates (#1845)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_gates/anti_controlled_gate/solution.md

U = \begin{bmatrix}0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\ 1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1 \end{bmatrix}
$$

> You remember a two-qubit gate with a similar matrix representation - the $CNOT$ gate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember a two-qubit gate with a similar matrix representation - the $CNOT$ gate:
```

Reviewer: I think in this case it makes sense to drop the "You".

$$
CNOT = 
 \begin{bmatrix}1 & 0 & 0 & 0\\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 0\\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 1\\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 0 \end{bmatrix}
$$

You need a way to transform the $CNOT$ gate into the unitary transformation represented by $U$.   

> Remember that the Pauli X gate flips the state in the single-qubit case. Here you need to use a 2-qubit version of this gate, which would affect only the second qubit. You conclude, that the idenity gate needs to be used on the first qubit. In the end, the required gate is a tensor product: $I \otimes X$.

Reviewer 2: Reads odd, and a typo in an adjacent word
```suggestion
Remember that the Pauli X gate flips the state in the single-qubit case. Here you need to use a 2-qubit version of this gate, which would affect only the second qubit. You can conclude that the identity gate needs to be used on the first qubit. In the end, the required gate is a tensor product: $I \otimes X$.
```
